Few small changes (#2)
per1234/ino-themes: README.md

#### Installation
- Back up your current theme by rename the folder **{Arduino IDE installation folder}/lib/theme** to **theme.original** or any other convenient name.
- Download the desired theme from the download link on the list above.

> - From the downloaded .zip file extract the **theme** folder to **{Arduino IDE installation folder}/lib**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unzip the downloaded file.
- Copy the **theme** folder from the unzipped folder to **{Arduino IDE installation folder}/lib**.
```
